hi to all bad video today
of failures
this time alone not close promoted
because usually few are rejected
there are many more promoted
since this time I have several of them
rejected products wanted to make a video
only for them then it started immediately with
alas the make-up remover wipes of
viviverde coop
as you see the almost finished e
I will surely finish it but it does not come to me
absolutely want to buy them back
because even if they exploit enough
well and it's a product that I don't use
I usually just so frequently
I prefer to remove make-up with make-up remover
for the eyes cleansing milk the
liquid detergent and so on
so all the die so no
very often but all the times
I used these wipes shortly after
having finished using them, the rice began
to pinch and languages became me
red and so it seems enough
evident that among the ingredients of
these climbs there is something to mine
skin annoys me when I'd veil
many of you told me in advance
also to me it makes the same effect then
an annoying effect certainly not
nice then I will finish them off
Sooner or later short when then not
I'll finish but I won't buy them back
another product rejected bocciatissimo
very thin is this palette of eye shadows
beautiful zipper ella of the manhattan brand
I don't remember receiving it in a movebox
as the only one, perhaps the penultimate a
these four eyeshadows are very nice
very spring pity that the
writing is practically non-existent
they are eye shadows
absolutely useless
that is, now I show you I am pressing a lot
strong finger on this violin
practically on the hand
you can see just a shadow but neither
so much that is the seal for all this
time just to make the video of the
rejected
now I will throw it because it does not serve a purpose
tube and then eye shadows is not me
for him this mine alone is lacking
very bad place for another product
overflowed as far as I'm concerned is
also here if you have some uses
alternative for a hand cream well
because this year it's me
luckily not at all fortunately it is one
mini size because they are only 30 ml but
I'm still struggling to finish it
I found this hot one in a
never a beauty box that was a single-brand store
queue we say that more or less the others
products apart from the bathroom shower which
I had also shown those in
that they had a horrible time for
luck with two showers were released
the other products of the queue more or
the less I liked this one here I didn't
he is liking for nothing because of
charity as a hand cream to moisturize
hydrata can't say anything else but it has a
smell that to me from the first time that
I used it remembers the most pd cat
sorry to say and it's not very pleasant
definitely but if you know that
very pungent hour very unpleasant
here you can understand that you put
use this product to me not
like it so bo now I will give away not short
I know the fact that I don't like it but
just there is no way I can
pleasure then prodottino farlocco fu
bought on the Chinese site bai in coins
then I saw this here I had
saw the photos on facebook as I had
seen the photos said this product must
absolutely be mine
what they are are stupid pins
slices that have this patellina that
goes up and down and should
with many if it should protect the
nails when driving enamel not for
make your fingernail be
protected and therefore the enamel and is not
ruined ok
pity that if you have if you have on your hands
ten of these hairpins I want
just understand how you do it
something else
because you look like Edward scissor hands
they are very uncomfortable and so it's not going to be
well I put this on and do something else
until I protect my nails and until
the enamel sugar and meanwhile I do
of the other not here what the hell you do and
then among other things I don't know if we see then
if I can do it with one finger
see this stuff often here there is the
poorly designed because often the nail
however, it risks going bump
against a flap over I do not know if I
I am explained that is the distance and see
that is, I can manage with my fingernail
crash into the surface of the
patellina that should protect it
enamel for which in the end they do not serve to the
cabbage so much or you want so much not
I'm using them fortunately they are
cost little and nothing because you don't need it
substantially tube and other product
for nails that I have so desired and that
I didn't like it that much at all
the bud are these maps for the
essence nail art
I bought these I had them
shown in the video with the news ex
sense of last fall is enthusiastic
I couldn't wait to try them done
that I also bought them all
those that were available then
you buy all the nets all
fantasies that were there I bought them
here they were once there was in
I was able to transfer
the image of these maps on mine
nails then these came here
sold together
to them transfer that was this thing
there was no alcohol- based one here
time I was able to
transfer the image to my nails
now it may well be that I am
prevented
ok i accept it but of all the times that
I tried but not even half an image
but he remained on the nails then when
it was bad i was also pulling behind it
nail polish that was on the nail and that was it
there dry from damo so for quite a while
it was already dry and when it was okay
enamel remained there but there was no shade of
these shit pictures on mine
nails for which you buy with a lot
enthusiasm used and tried more and more
times but there was no way that I was
once managed to get the
result that was to come and that is how
see here in the instructions that
the image that is present on the maps
he had to move to his nails but
when ever
I have never been sorry I have
also saw some video tutorials in which
someone was good for them
I still this product the bud and
so for today for the bad video of the
his failures were everything and I greet you and
see you at the next hello video